Create the SciML Small Grants Program (#115)
SciML/sciml.ai: dev.md

learn to career scientists looking to fund dedicated open source time. Below
are our major developer programs with more information on how to get involved.

## SciML Small Grants Program

The SciML small grants program is a program used to fund directed development
towards high-impact issues through community donations. The small grant projects
are decided by the SciML Steering Council and candidates can choose to take on
projects from the project list. This is similar to "bounty programs" seen in

> other open source environments, though it is driven by SciML in a manner that

Reviewer: What calibre of developer (from first-PR undergrad to you 😛) would you expect could solve these issues?  Giving this kind of "guideline" might decrease the intimidation factor, especially for newcomers.

Author: added

is designed to give the better outcomes to both contributors and maintainers
of the project. In order to remove a hostile competitive atmosphere,
candidates must declare to the committee interest in solving the chosen issue
and, upon approval by the selection committee, are given an exclusive time 
interval (defaulting to one month) to solve the issue. Payout is done upon 
completion of the chosen project.

The list of current small grants projects can be found at:

[SciML Small Grants Program Current Project List](/small_grants)

> To declare for a small grant program, send an email to 

Reviewer 2: This sentence is incomplete

> Note: Developers funded by the other fellowship programs are ineligable for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Developers funded by other SciML fellowship programs are ineligible for
```
Assuming this is what was meant there?

learn to career scientists looking to fund dedicated open source time. Below
are our major developer programs with more information on how to get involved.

## SciML Small Grants Program

The SciML small grants program is a program used to fund directed development
towards high-impact issues through community donations. The small grant projects
are decided by the SciML Steering Council and candidates can choose to take on
projects from the project list. This is similar to "bounty programs" seen in
other open source environments, though it is driven by SciML in a manner that

> is designed to give the better outcomes to both contributors and maintainers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is designed to give better outcomes to both contributors and maintainers
